audience intelligence is really
bringing the power that digital has had for so many years with targeting
and an execution and really bringing that to the linear television side
that allows individuals to Target audiences on TV like they never had before it's using some of our first party set-top box data
that allows us to look at audience segments
customized as audience segments
I'm really put that message in front of the Right audience and looking at it from a branding opportunity they're really seeing benefit of increasing budgets that allow them to specifically hone in on audience and make sure that that message is it from the Right audience at the right time
Saison our Market over the excited about
using AI for local because it gives them the opportunity to execute a linear campaign that in some cases could have taken ours but now they have the ability to do that and minutes
and it gives them the efficiency
NOTE lang en